c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.deps.json
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.dll
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.pdb
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.Views.dll
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.Views.pdb
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Contact.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.Views.pdb
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.dll
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.pdb
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\PartyInvites.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\MyView.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\RSVPForm.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Thanks.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\waite-laptop\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PartyInvites\PartyInvites\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\ListResponses.g.cshtml.cs
